I just started this ten minute timer and
when it hit zero
that room all the way over there,
full of money will explode.
And the only man that can stop it
is this man in this straight jacket.
This video is completely real time.
You'll notice it's exactly 10 minutes long.
There are no cuts.
You see everything.
And if Darcy does not escape
his jacket
and get through all five floors of
this tower and press that button
before the timer hits
zero, his money explodes.
All right, he's coming down.
Okay,
this is our first ever real-time shoot.
- I got to go quick.
- Get in here, let's go.
Go, go.
Hey, hurry, unhatch this.
Wait, how did he get out of that jacket
so fast?
It doesn't matter. This next
floor is twice as hard to escape.
Slower, slower, slower.
Holy.
You put fire in there?
Okay,
so to get out of that metal cage,
you need to use the lock pick
on the floor, hurry up.
- Faster!
- Darcy! Come on.
Come on.
Oh my gosh, come on.
Even with a tool,
picking a lock takes some fidgeting.
He has to perfectly align all three pins
inside the lock in order to break free.
By the way, in order to prove this video
is 100% real-time.
starting now, you're going to see
an unbroken shot of Darcy
in the corner of the full video.
And as of now, a minute has gone by
and he's still in the first room.
And remember, he still needs to get through
all five floors of this tower
and press the button in time...
The button's right here.
...to keep his quarter
of a million dollars from exploding.
I'm getting so much anxiety.
Please go faster
Wait, Mack, he's picking the lock.
Is he making good time or not?
So now, yeah,
But he's about to go down
to an even more difficult room.
Be careful.
Don't catch a fire.
Darcy, go.
- Go! Go!
- Come on, what are you doing, bro? go.
He's coming down the rope,
he's in the glue room now.
Welcome to floor number four.
Come on.
He's already made it
to floor four.
This is floor number four.
- Ok.
- What is it?
So this entire floor
is now covered in glue.
He has to choose between monkey barring
or walking across the glue.
And I would very much advise
he does not walk across the glue.
So far so good on the monkey bars.
Keep going, buddy.
Come on.
- Come on, Darcy do it!
- Let's do it.
Two minutes has gone by.
Go on your head, man.
Oh, no.
Why are you spinning?
Stop spinning.
If he falls, that is not good,
because that is the stickiest
glue in the world.
I'm not even joking,
he'll lose his shoes.
Oh, yeah.
It's already been 2 minutes.
Dude, he's swinging.
He didn't touch the ground once.
The man is glueless.
He made it to the exit.
Oh, yeah.
He's about to lift up that lid.
And now he's about to enter
the craziest room.
Keep taking us down.
Watch this. You're going to see him
jump down.
Oh my God, boys, I'm so tired.
Oh, Darcy's struggling,
but he's making his way down
the rope onto floor three,
the boulder room.
This one should be pretty simple.
All right, Darcy,
See that giant boulder?
Yes.
Well, these two ropes are the only thing
preventing it from barreling down the ramp.
There's also a machete.
and let's just say
you'll need it to get out of this room.
You're losing time.
what do you think you'd do with the knife?
- I'm trying to cut these ropes.
- Cut that rope.
You're running out of time.
Normally in our videos, when someone
does something this slow,
we cut it out, but this is life.
We literally can't cut it out.
I am freaking out.
Seven minutes remain.
He's almost through the first of two
ropes.
This is like some James Bond stuff
right here.
As he goes lower, the floors are
going to get harder and take longer.
He's actually not making as good
pace as you would want him to make.
That rope is going to take him
the longest
because of how thick it is.
Cut the rope.
- He's wasting a lot of time on this.
- He's behind right now.
This knife is so dull.
You're going to have to hurry.
Under seven minutes remain
before your $250,000 explodes.
Bro is still cutting the rope.
Jimmy, what's going
to happen here?
When he cuts that second rope?
Something crazy is going to happen.
And Darcy, what do you think
is going to happen when you cut that rope?
All right, I guess Darcy's locked in.
Jimmy, what is going to happen
when he cuts the rope?
This boulder is going to go,
I guess, through the window.
- Tell me, please,
- All you need to do...
- Yes.
- Is hold onto that when he cuts the rope.
Okay, That's. That's.
I can handle that.
There's no way I'm losing this 250
grand because of this stupid rope.
Jimmy, why did you find the slowest
man possible at cutting a rope?
Darcy, hurry up.
Like I told
you at the start, this is real time.
You're seeing everything.
Obviously,
Darcy's pretty occupied right now,
but if you could talk to us,
he'd probably tell us about the fact
that he's a world
class escape artist,
but apparently is not the best
at cutting ropes.
Darcy, you spent a whole minute on this.
Oh, my God.
Cut faster, come on.
Bro, you have got to cut
the rope a lot faster.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, he's about to finish the last
rope.
Darcy, push the boulder down the ramp.
So, the boulders is going to...
- You'll see in a bit.
- Okay.
He's pushing the boulder now.
- Brace yourself.
- What the...
Back up.
- Keep going.
- What?
Darcy, quick,
grab that rope from the ceiling
and attach it to the latch
on the front of your pants.
Make 100% sure that it's connected.
What is he going to do?
All right, now, jump down.
Step out to the edge
and turn around.
- All right.
- Watch this.
Watch what?
Am I going to have to jump, Jimmy?
Oh my God, he's about to jump.
Go to your right.
What is he going to do?
- What is he doing?
- He is about to jump.
All right, Darcy,
you're going to have to jump down.
Oh my God, how am I going to do this?
- Let's go, Darcy.
- Darcy, jump.
What the... Okay.
He has exactly 5 minutes left.
Stop the crane.
Stop the crane, stop the crane,
stop the crane.
All right, I don't know,
the crane operator is drunk.
You got to make it through
the lasers.
This floor is by far
the hardest yet.
Not only does
he get to make it through this laser maze,
if he accidentally touches a laser,
his money will instantly explode.
How am I going to do this?
There's so many lasers.
While he's doing this laser room.
I'm going to tell you guys about
T-Mobile, my new wireless partner.
In here?
- Mack.
- What?
You probably know T-Mobile
from this coverage map.
- Yes, I do. I do.
- But here's the thing.
Okay.
You know,
great coverage is to be expected.
Okay.
But what T-Mobile has
that other carriers don't...
Jimmy, he's halfway
through the lasers now.
Oh, he's on our side.
But what makes T-Mobile special
is they have something
called Magenta Status.
Okay. What is Magenta Status?
It's where they treat
you like a VIP.
Just by using T-Mobile,
you can get a reduced cost
at hotel rooms,
you can get free in-flight Wi-Fi,
access to VIP lounge.
- Go, go, go.
- All right.
T-Mobile,
I'm stressing out. Sorry if I'm forgetting
lines and a bunch of other stuff.
- And the best part is, Mack...
- It's right there, Jimmy, yes.
- Yes, let me finish the T-Mobile ad.
- Okay.
And the best part is...
He's jumping in the water.
It's all available. Day one,
when you switch to T-Mobile.
So, if you're not currently using T-Mobile,
start using now.
You can get all these perks
literally today.
Let me just catch my breath here.
See how at tmobile.com/status.
Oh, he's in the water.
Oh my God.
All right, this is it,
the last level.
He now has to open the four valves
in each quarter of the room,
allowing all the water to drain,
Then he can escape out
the front door
and hit the button
to save his money from blowing up.
You got to turn these.
Turn these things?
- Turn.
- Turn the knob.
What's he doing?
Actually, don't help him.
Let's see if he's smart enough
to win the money.
Will he be able to hold his breath
long enough
to unscrew all four valves,
or will he run out of time?
Did the water come out?
Hey, he did it.
While this guy is doing
this intense challenge,
I want tell you about the greatest
tasting chocolate on the planet.
Feastables.
Mack.
What do you think of Feastables?
Oh, it's my favorite.
Oh no, he's going for the one
he just finished.
Hey, hey.
No, no.
Do the other one, do the other one.
- You got to keep going.
- There's four.
How much time is left?
Oh, three minutes.
Yeah.
He actually kind of
just wasted, like, 30 seconds.
He could do this if you just hurries up.
Come on, catch your breath, let's go.
Mack, he's about to go under,
go around this side, see if it opens.
He didn't do it yet. He didn't do it yet.
All right, keep turning.
- Oh, he did it.
- Other side, other side.
- Oh my God.
- Two down, two to go, baby.
All right. He's now making
his way to the other side.
- You got to go swim down.
- Oh my God
This is coming down to the wire.
I cannot imagine how absolutely
exhausted he is right now.
Ok.
All right, so he has two minutes
and 10 seconds to, right over here,
press that red button
or his money will explode.
It's coming down to the wire.
You got it. You got it.
I don't know what to do.
Normally, we do cuts and edits,
but this is like real time.
Everything I'm saying is making it.
- Oh, he's got less than two minutes. Bro.
- There’s just two minutes.
- Hey, less than two minutes.
- Go faster.
He's getting close, he's getting close.
He got it.
He just did it, he got all four.
He did it.
All right, the final door,
a minute, 50 seconds.
All right, what now?
Now he has to open this door, run
and press the button.
- How much time does he have?
- Just under 2 minutes.
How is he going to pull this off?
I don't get it.
You're going to get wet if you stand there,
you might want to back up.
Why?
Open it.
There is so much more water
that still needs to drain.
- All right, Mack, hey.
- Go faster.
Mack, in case he fails,
that bomb will blow up,
so I need you to just, hide behind
the sandbags over there if he messes up,
- Okay?
- Okay.
Just trust me.
What do I do?
You have to unscrew all the latches.
Get him out of there, come on.
Almost a minute, come on, come on.
Bro...
I don't know if he's
going to make it at this point.
The door stuck because there's
too much water pressure.
He needs to wait for it to drain
more.
Wait, Jimmy, the water is starting
to come out the front door.
Turn it, turn it, turn it and pull it.
Pull it.
You got to go, buddy.
You've got to go.
He's stuck in that one,
he can't get it.
Something's wrong.
Bro, this is it.
He's going to fail.
He can't figure out
how to open the door.
He literally has 45 seconds
to hit this button.
It stuck, come on.
Bro, he can't get these latches off
to save his life.
Bro...
What is he doing?
Come on.
Come on. You got 30 seconds,
come on, come on.
Go!
You have to slide through the door
and hit the button.
Go faster. Go.
Go!
- Come on.
Hurry, before the bomb blows up.
- Yeah!
And after he won
with 19 seconds left, we cleared
the money out of the way the bomb,
and asked him
what he was going to spend it on.
I'm having a baby tomorrow.
What?
And then we blew the building up.
Oh Gosh.
I hope you enjoy the explosion.
We have to make this video
exactly 10 minutes. Goodbye.